The same question I asked myself there
I make you two more points lost
in the last 15 matches are only
Conquered four still gives to stay
thinking title
we have 15 points of course it is always
important you do your homework
to win indoors but we know
difficulty facing the
corinthians has a great team one
great coach
of course we have to win
our games even more than we have
now only two games less
in these two games being that who seeks
of the three points to continue thinking
in title
ibson and the game against the athletic-go at
goias is a direct confrontation
if the athletic earn the saints exchange
position the saints goes to the position of the
athletic team is the first in the
relegation the athletic came to produce
for the position of the saints
somehow worries to worry
in worry it is not quiet is
looking to work doing our part
who enter the field and always in
search for victory
So we're going to look for this in this
game we know of the difficulty
They face up goiânia indoors in
golden saw
we go in search of the three points
ibson is what you can talk about the lack
Elano's right in the middle of the field and will not
be suspended playing on the other hand
has neymar and goose edu back
Dracena is also out and also talking
A little of you here in the yearnings
that you arrived muricy has harnessed
quite you have played the most
of the games that you think of this one
competition in the industry that has great
players a great player that
helps a lot
also said that neymar does a lot
lack
are two great players and it is good that
I'll take sequence with the time it goes
picking up the pace I've played five games
I hope the trend now is always
improve
so I hope I can continue
trying
where the best muricy possible
I only got more and more today
growing on the table
y to these two less games is that the
Saints have saints had these
six points today the saints would be the tenth
placed
It's still little for a team like the Saints.
also thinks
in fact I think every competition
who presents himself holy in search of the
title
of course he is in a middle position
complicated but has to increase self
confidence up there
Of course we still have a cast.
For good, a competent cast that has
conditions to get up there both in
search for it
y oooo saints and saints think is already
learning has yet to learn to
play without the neymar and the goose as already
happened and will happen more often
this year because they will have more
calls and another question do you think
the saints saw a common team without these
two players
I think it's not clear that you've lost
neymar goose are missing for
any team he would play
had played and would not have done much
lack are much needed but the saints have
quality players have a cast
strong have not seen a common team have to
show it in some games I do not
was here but demonstrated and denied
to liberators out of the house like this already
said then we have to
getting used to because they are
always have calls
Hold on, people have to be prepared to
that
y o saints have not yet won away from home
in this brazilian championship
What you need to do differently for
to win this victory because the
santos has not maybe been able to show
the same football out of what he
shows when he is principal
We have to have patience to look for
always the goal
We have been playing well in the same game.
The important thing is not to suffer a goal
if we can make a goal and
win three more points then I
I think this is the most important